[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
FORTUNE TELLING
CAT DINER
Nothing to do...
Another day with no customers. [moans]
Maybe we should do something
other shops aren't doing.
FORTUNETELLING NOW AVAILABLE
CAT DINER
Hey, are you sure fortunetelling
is going to bring in customers?
[door opening]
-Hello!
-[Yuririn] They're here!
-Welcome.
-[laughs]
Ms. Yuririn, we saw the sign out front.
What kind of fortunetelling is it?
It's Japanese curry fortunetelling.
I'll read your plate
after you finish eating the curry.
-Oh!
-I'll have the Japanese curry then.
-Me, too.
I guess me, too...
I don't believe in fortunetelling,
but I do like curry.
[all] We're finished!
It was delicious.
Please read my fortune!
What would you like to know?
I have a piano recital this month,
but I'm so worried about it
that I can't sleep at night.
I see.
[mystic music playing]
I can see it!
See what?
I see you getting a standing ovation
from the audience.
Really?
Yes, just keep practicing,
and it'll be a great success.
I'm so glad.
Your lucky charm is a pair of gloves.
You're just saying something
that can apply to anyone, aren't you?
Please read mine, too!
What would you like to know?
When will I meet the person
of my destiny?
I can see it!
Can you really see it?
You have already met
the person of your destiny.
What?
Or, you may have not yet
but you will in the future.
Your lucky charm is something pink.
Wear it and your love life may improve.
[Kana] Hmm, something pink...
I don't believe
in things like that at all,
but since I'm here, perhaps I'll ask you
to tell my fortune, too...
What do you want to know?
Well, anything is fine...
But let's go with my love fortune!
[mystic music playing]
I see it!
[groans]
You, too, may have already met
the person of your destiny,
or might do so in the future.
If we've already met,
around where did we meet?
Huh? Oh, um, in town, maybe?
Are you sure?
-Y-- Yes.
-Great!
What's my lucky charm?
Something pink-ish?
And should I wear it?
[stutters] Um, yes.
Oh, and if you become Gauko,
your romantic luck is likely to plummet...
Naoko, I thought you didn't believe
in fortunes.
Huh? Oh, right.
I don't believe in them at all.
Just thought I'd listen
to what she had to say. [laughs]
[sneaky chuckle]
-[gasps]
-Hello!
I'd like five croquettes.
Pink to increase her romantic luck!
Kana, you're so cute.
That headband looks great on you.
[yelps]
[giggles] Thank you.
Five croquettes! Coming right up.
-Thanks!
-[groaning]
Hey, Naoko.
Kana! That headband!
Oh, this?
At the Cat Diner,
they said I should wear pink
-to improve my luck, remember?
-[roaring]
Oh? Naoko, your t-shirt...
Huh? Oh, this is just a coincidence.
I just happen to be wearing pink today.
Here you go. Five hot croquettes!
Hi there, Naoko. Welcome.
Hello!
[Naoko] Compliment me!
Tell me I look good in this t-shirt.
Say, "You're so pretty, Naoko!"
Please compliment me, Toshio!
Hello.
Hello, Karen.
Thank you for the other day, Toshio.
-Huh?
-You're welcome.
[Naoko] W-- What?
What happened?
The other day,
it suddenly started raining,
so Toshio offered to drive me home.
I happened to see her
while out on a delivery.
[Naoko] Phew...
I see, but you two seem like a great match
since you're both so good-looking.
Oh, my!
Kana, flattery isn't going
to get you anything. [laughs]
[Naoko] Kana!
[roars]
No, no! Turning into Gauko will
only decrease my romantic luck.
Karen is pink all over.
I can't compete with her with only
one t-shirt worth of luck.
CAT DINER
[sighs]
Would this be considered
"conning" our customers?
There's no turning back.
I'm finished!
Please read my fortune.
Sure! I'll be right there.
I have a bad feeling about this.
To have the boy of your dreams notice you,
you should read a book upside down.
Really?
Um, Naoko, your book is upside down.
-Oh my, you're right. Silly me.
-[laughs]
If you slip on a banana peel, you might
get closer to the boy of your dreams.
[screams]
-[moans]
-[gasps] Naoko! Are you okay?
Y-- Yes, I'm okay.
Thank you, Toshio.
[Yuririn] The lucky charm that will surely
pin him down is dried fish.
-Dried fish?
-Yes!
It may work better if you wear it
as an accessory on your body.
[meowing]
Ah...
[Naoko chuckles] Toshio is looking at me.
He can't take his eyes off me.
CLOSED TODAY
[Naoko] What? Closed?
Don't do this to me. Come on...
Huh? [grunts]
[roaring]
Karen!
Oh, Naoko!
[Tomomin] Yuririn, I think
we should come clean and tell the truth.
But when she finds out
the fortune readings aren't true...
[roaring] How could you!
[screams]
-I'm sorry!
-[roaring]
[winces]
-Tomomin!
-Yuririn!
[both crying, gasps]
[Naoko] Open up! I know you're in there!
-[sobbing]
-[panting]
It's open...
One Japanese curry fortunetelling!
About that,
we need to tell you something...
[Naoko] It was all a lie?
I'm sorry.
I can't believe it.
I'll never do it again.
-But you have to!
-Huh?
Because...
Karen.
-Naoko, we were just talking about you.
-Huh?
Toshio is very worried about you.
You were reading upside down...
[Naoko] Toshio was worried about me,
which means...
He's thinking about me,
even if it's only a little.
It must be because
I have more romantic luck!
-[Yuririn] That's not it!
-Please read my fortune!
Like I told you, it's all lies.
I don't care if they're lies, so please!
I'll eat the curry!
Give me a large portion!
I can't! Please don't ask me anymore!
[Naoko] Read my fortune!
[Tomomin] She believes the fortunes
even after being told they're lies.
This is scarier
than when she becomes Gauko...
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪